All right.
So we worked on.
The user profile update.
All the users cannot read the profile.
Now moving forward, we want to work on the post.
So you continue.
At the moment we are sending all the posts from the back end.
So that means if we have hundreds or even thousands of posts, all of them are being sent that that's
not going to work, especially if you have hundreds or thousands of posts you're sending all of them
at once will make your website really slow.
All right.
So what are we going to do is we're going to implement some kind of load and more feature.
It's similar to pagination, but it's a little more so.
Let me show you the finished project, how I did it.
So you can see we are just showing six ladies first when anyone learnt and this is now if they want
to view more they will click on this button and then that would load more.
Now we want to get the work again.
You can click and load more and you can load more as long as there is any post remaining, right?
So that's all the post we have now.
So you can see we did have the button anymore and these are the post, all the posts we have.
All right.
So we're going to implement.
So we're going to implement this feature a little more in our project.
So for that, first thing we need is a walk in our back in.
So what we need to do is we need to create to one end point and that will give us how many posts we
have in the database.
So the total number of the blog posts are available.
So we need to know that number and then we can compare.
So if that total number is higher than what we have in the state, that means we can serve the Lord,
my partner, Richard.
That's how we're going to implement.
And at the moment we are making requests to get all the posts.
So that end point also we have to slightly tooth because every time they click on the button we will
increase the base count by one.
And that value we send to the back end.
So based on that count, the new post will be sent.
All right, so let's head over to the back end and firstly, screw that and that will give us the total
number of posts available in our database.
So we can start with our roads post.
I used to hear lifts and they're all relative.
Don't get.
We call it post count
and we create a function post.
Can't actually import that from our control post account.
Controllers post.
Let's read that here.
Export owned post code equals to async.
Requests response.
So with monkeys, there's a function that we can use to get the total count of the documents using the
count documents function.
I guess we use the modern postmark and then use this function count documents that will give us the
total number of the documents available to a total amount of posts available, and we can simply return
that number.
Okay.
So if you want to give it a try, you can even give it a try.
Local localhost, 8000.
API says postcards.
You can see we have done 14 posts so we get that number.
So that's great.
We have got the disk working.
Now, next thing we need to do is we need to modify our posts.
So this is the control function that is giving us all the post here to limit down to by going to our
client.
That's interfaces, posts come all the way down here.
And yes.
So we're making requests to less post to get on the post.
So that means so let's go to our controller.
Let's go to Robert Frost.
So this post.
All right, click here.
So this function we have to modify so that instead of sending all the the post you want to limit.
So maybe send ten.
20 years, something like this time in our project I in this course, I'm just going to use 6%.
We don't have many blockbusters to add in the six and only six post at a time, but if they click learn
more, we get more requests.
Then we give to Skip whatever was under the set and then send the additional ones.
All right.
So instead of modifying this one, I'm going to just copy and convert this out.
I leave it here for the for your reference later if you want to use it.
But now we're going to modify this to support the load more feature to basically pagination.
So let's make a small change on the road first.
So here now we will be sending this base.
So we'll be sending the base number.
I guess by default it would be one.
And then if they click the Lord Mountbatten, then that will increase to two, three, four and so on.
So based on that number, we will be sending the post here, I guess, to make this turns in your route.
You may have to copy this front, put it on top and just streamline.
That's a previously we were using like this one.
There is a previous tool we were using like this one now we added base.
Okay, so same here.
The control.
So previously we had this function, but now we're going to use this.
I guess let's make some changes here.
So first thing we want to do is we want to set how many posts we want to send on each request.
So if we have if you don't have many posts, you can even put it three.
One, two, three.
Doesn't matter.
I'm going to use six again.
So constant or is is six.
So we will be sending six force four based on a request and we need to access the base values.
Right.
So that will be coming in the request query.
So we have already.
So let's open the road again.
So I wanted to make this turn so we can receive the base.
Base from their request, perhaps.
I guess a higher base will be receiving from request query base.
Whatever value we are getting.
If we don't get that, then we just use value one by default.
All right.
So here now all of we find the posts when we find the post.
First thing we can do is we to skip because we will be sending requests with the Lord Mountbatten.
We will be receiving more than one request to the same control function.
It's the same function.
We'll responsible to send the post.
So we're going to skip this.
Skip.
It's.
Bass.
So whatever that is.
One, two, three, whatever that is, minus one.
Okay.
So that means on the very first request, it will be one minus one.
What then?
What is that one minus one.
That's zero.
All right.
So what that means on the very first request, they will be no ski will be sending six force.
But on the subsequent request, if the Lord moment has been cleared, then next time it'll be 2 to 2
minus one.
That will be one.
So we will be skipping the six and then if it is three, then the 12 will be skip.
So that's how we skip the the previous post and then descend new ones.
So Bayes minus one multiplied by our and multiply by six is that we skip the previous one and give the
six written send the six post.
Okay, so we skip then populate populate.
We use all that and start out is here.
Now let's also use the debt limit.
So it's request will limit the amount of post that is six.
So we're just sending six and that is all we need to do.
So that's all the change we need to make to support the pagination, the normal feature.
Okay, so with that, let's come here.
Let's give it a try.
Okay.
So we don't get any recourse.
We have the error.
That's because at the moment.
When we make request, we are sending the page in the request query again.
So we have to send that.
Otherwise we get the error.
So immediately you can go to the client and here you can send.
Let's let's hardcourt for now.
Okay.
To send one now if you try.
That works.
All right.
So in the following video, let's implement that normal feature.
So when the button is clicked, we increment the value we send, send a request to get additional posts
so that we can arrange it here.